docs: iOS backwards compatibility update (#3775)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/the-new-architecture/backward-compatibility-fabric-components.md

The above snippet uses the same `RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED` flag used in the previous [section](#dependencies-ios). When this flag is not set, Xcode skips the lines within the `#ifdef` during compilation and it does not include them into the compiled binary. The compiled binary will have a the `RNMyComponentView.o` object but it will be an empty object.

> After wrapping the above components with a `#ifdef` pragma, you need to replicate the functionality of `RNMyComponentView.mm` inside `RNMyComponentViewManager.mm` to ensure the same functionality between architectures. For more information on how legacy components work, refer to [our documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/native-components-ios).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After wrapping the above components with a `#ifdef` pragma, you need to implement the component for the legacy architecture, following [the legacy Native Componente documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/native-components-ios). This is needed because the New Renderer works in a different way from the legacy one, and it is not able to follow the new code's paths of the New Renderer. 
```
